On September 1, 1912, the Great earthquake in Sagami Bay caused a major earthquake in the south of Kanto, causing 100,000 deaths and a loss of 5.5 billion yen.
The Great earthquake created a new record in the history of the disaster, but it was only a regular earthquake.
It is not to be denied that most of the loss of life and property is due to the fire, but if the fire had not occurred, that is, if the disaster had been stopped within the first one minute,
In addition, if all the efforts of the people who met the earthquake were aimed at removing the fire, the loss of life and property would not have been less than one-twenty percent.
Some people compare the nature of this earthquake to the Great Edo earthquake in the second year of the Ansei period, but this is not appropriate.
The Ansei earthquake is a major earthquake in the Edo period, and the area of the lower reaches is only within the range of 2 or 3 li, or 4 or 5 li.
On the other hand, the Great Edo earthquake is a non-extremely large earthquake that the destructive force spreads to most of Kanto,
and the south-east of Kanto rises by 2 meters, the north-west by 2 meters, and the bottom of the sea does not change much, and even the tsunami was caused.
The earthquake that occurred on November 23, 16, 220 BC, is the same as this, and the scale is quite large, but the damage is far smaller, and the death toll is only 5,300 people.
Thank you.